You're stupid, that's my mom too
How could I be bad to him?
Are we done?
It doesn't matter anymore.
Sorry.
Qin Zhan, I shouldn't have said that at that time.
I apologize to you.
Qin Zhan
Go wash it for me
You can't wash this stuff yourself.
What did you say I'm a princess
You let me wash my underwear
If you don't wash it yourself, throw it in the washing machine.
Do you wash it or not?
Excuse me.
I have never had the habit of washing women's underwear
And I'm your boyfriend
Not your slave
Hmph Qin Zhan
You really take yourself seriously
You are just a soldier under my father
Should have served me
I'll ask you if you like it or not
You remember
Even if all the women in the world die
I will never be with you again
Roll as far as you want